# Readings (think about how concepts in readings and exercises are builiding/challenging knowledge)

The readings and exercises are definitely working to improve our data mining skills, as well as helping us to figure out how to transform data that is very messy, into easier and cleaner formats. The exercises this week definitely tied in directly to the readings, but being able to grasp a better understanding of what the authors are talking about when discussing their projects and the issues that they ran into. I found it encouraging to read about professionals and academics who ran into issues with their projects, before trying to do the exercises. It helped me to realize that not everything will go as planned, even for those who are in this field of study. We all run into problems, despite the fact that we may think we know everything that we need to successfully complete what is needed.

I think that historians tend to dismiss this work, because of fear of failure and being unable to get the results that were wanted. I can definitely relate to this, because as I've gone through the exercises in this course, I've realized that failure is normal. The first couple of weeks, I was tentative to admit my failures because it seemed counterintuitive to what I was trying to achieve. Of course, I want to do well and understand what I'm doing in this course, so exposing myself and where I've gone wrong seemed odd. However, what I've realized is that admitting these failures and mistakes actually can help because others are able to step in and explain concepts or instructions where you may have been confused. I think the main reason historians don't discuss this work is because failure comes with a negative connoation, when really it shouldn't because we all experience failure at some point.

# Exercises

The exercises this week went more smoothly than some of the past weeks for sure. 
The first exercise went really well. I was able to get through it in one shot (I thought) without too much confusion. It definitely felt good to start off on a good foot, and not get stuck on the first exercise. The Regex tools were super interesting to play around with and see what they can do for documents and research that needs cleaning up. It was interesting to see the different tools that are avaiable and I learned a lot from doing this.  

The second exercise went fairly well also. I did run into a few problems when I tried to upload my csv document into OpenRefine. I had felt confident in completing the first exercise, however when I uploaded this document, it didn't appear correctly. There were not 3 separate columns, but rather just the sender column appeared. I realized I needed to go back to the first exercise and figure out where I went wrong. I tried to change the format of the index.txt by taking away spaces and adding quotations around sender, recipient and date. This all ended up coming up in the same, incorrect format in OpenRefine, so I ended up just creating 3 columns in the csv document. When I did this it came up properly, so that's what I stuck with (despite being unsure if that was the way I was supposed to do it). 
After getting it in the correct format, I tried to continue with the instructions and ran in to more problems. First, it said that I had too many "senders" and "recipients" so I had to figure out a way to lower the amount, which I figured out fairly quickly. After that, I wasn't able to figure out how to cluster similar names, even after watching the tutorial videos. With that being said, my numbers weren't as low as what the instructions said they should be for senders, but they were significantly lower for recipients. I tried multiple times to figure out why, however I am stuck as to what went wrong. I am beginning to wonder if the mistakes from this exercise all started from small errors as I went through the first one. With that being said, I'm keeping in mind that it is a learning process, and I definitely felt like this week I have done better than previous weeks.  

The third exercise is where I wasn't able to understand what I was supposed to do. I tried reading the instructions multiple times in order to figure out what to do, but I wasn't able to get it started. This had me slightly worried considering it is for the Capstone assignment for the class. I am going to continue to try and figure out what to do, but at this point, I have been unable to get the exercise started and move forward.    

# Thoughts

This week went really smoothly overall. Although I was unsure of what to do for exercise 3, I didn't let it get the best of me. I'm beginning to learn that letting the exercises and work overwhelm me, really isn't a useful way to spend my time. If I get stuck after reading the instructions multiple times, I let it go and come back after a bit and see if I can understand with a fresh mind. If I still don't, I'm realizing that it's okay. Not everything will come in one shot, but hopefully in these last couple of weeks I'm able to continue to push myself so I can accurately see how far I've come from the first week. 


