# Finding Data, Readings
The readings this week were super interesting. I liked the idea of finding data, and the approaches that are used to do this. I never realized just how many tools there are available for us to use, and I've never even heard of them. It is also interesting to see how historians interact with different tools. [One annotation](https://hyp.is/cN18Hnv7Eem9K9t7g7lakA/www.themacroscope.org/?page_id=90) that I found super interesting was regarding what the internet saves and does not save. It is crazy to think of the power that the internet has to store a ton of resources with are useful to people from all different fields of study. Thankfully, as mentioned in the annotation, the internet archive doesn't choose what to save or not save, because it would leave open the potential for multiple valuable sources to be unavailable. Overall, I thought the readings were informative and interesting, and provided great insight about the tools and resources available through the iternet.

I enjoyed reading the article on Building a Volunteer Community. I think it brought forward some really good points about the potential benefits that having volunteers to help go through documents could have, however I also noticed some areas where it may not work. I think it is an interesting idea to incorporate volunteers into the process. The main issue/concern I see is if the volunteers don't actually have an interest, and don't really want to be involved. It could create uncredible sources, and delay the whole process if things are done incorrectly. As long as the volunteers want to be there and have a passion to do well and enjoy the task, then I think it could be a great opporutnity (I think the rewards system would help with this as well). 

Back in highschool I would always ask the librarian for help finding different resources, because it seemed like such a daunting task for me, but they always seemed to know what to do. It's crazy to think that there is so much organization on the internet and that so much of it truly is very accessible. It isn't something that we just think about on a daily basis, but this organization didn't just appear, but rather a lot of work has gone into creating the internet archive to be the way that it is.     

# Exercises
The exercises this week definitely took some patience and perseverence, but overall it went okay.
The first exercise, I didn't have much issue with, and I found it to be quite interesting doing a search on something more personal. I also thought it was cool to see the way they were presented in the database. I'm still getting used to the DH box and how to use it, so that part stumped me a little bit, but it didn't take long for me to figure it out and get back on track. 

The second exercise definitely got a bit more difficult. The first section, following Ian Milligan's tutorial went well, however there were definitely parts where I felt it was taking longer than it should. In the end I was overthinking a bit, and I was doing it properly. For  Kellen Kurschinski's tutorial, I was overthinking and I kept thinking that I would somehow mess it up, and download too much. EVentually, I realized to just keep reading and follow the instructions, and once I did that, everything went smoothly.  

The third exercise is where I had a lot of trouble. It started off okay, but I found it got difficult quite quickly. First, I didn't understand what it meant to highlight/mark up the text, but I figured that out quickly by looking at slack, as someone else had a siimilar question. As I was going through my page, I found that the page I had chosen to transcribe didn't really have much in terms of places or people, even after looking at the context, that I could highlight. Instead of getting too invovled with that I moved on to the arguments/claims and found multiple to do there. The hardest part came when trying to get xml as an extension. I couldn't figure it out and it took multiple google searches and different attempts to get it. Eventually I did, so I tried putting the document into firefox, and it came up with an error message. Using some of the techniques provided to re-check, I took out the first paragraph and then put it in and it worked! I figured out the error was in the citation part of one of my highlights, so I fixed that and it all worked out. 

The fourth exercise, I tried to attempt, but this is where I got stumped. I really wasn't sure how to get past the first step, and I wasn't exactly sure what I was supposed to be doing. 

# Thoughts
Overall the week went okay. I found that the readings were interested, and the exercises were definitely challenging. I've never taken a course that has pushed me so much, so I appreciate the fact that this course is offering me a different persepctive and new skills than any other class. I still have a long way to go, and still remind myself all the time when I'm working on this course to take my time and not get stressed.

I still find it somewhat discouraging that the third exercise had me really stumped, and once I got it and moved on to the fourth, I didn't understand. I realize my thinking needs to change somewhat, to become more focused on where I started, and where I am.  
It's getting better, and feeling slightly less overwhelming, thankfully. Looking forward to another week.  
